{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red83\green83\blue83;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720

\f0\b\fs22 \cf2 Art of Tea Sangria with Kauai Cocktail Blendl\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa240
\cf2 \ulnone Ingredients:
\b0 \
 4 \'bd cups 
\b Art of Tea\'92s {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.artoftea.com/catalog/kauai-cocktail-fruit-blend-caffeine-free-p-79.html"}}{\fldrslt Kauai Cocktail}}
\b0 , over-steeped 10-12 minutes\
 2 Cups chilled white wine: Moscato, Riesling, Pinot Grigio or other sweet white wine\
 Assorted fruits: blueberries, strawberries, pineapples, apples, oranges, lemons\
 2 Tsp. coconut sugar (Optional)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa240

\b \cf2 Instructions:
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 1.	Wash the fruit thoroughly, especially if you\'92re leaving the peel on, and de-core and remove seeds. Dice, slice or chop the fruit.\
2.	Add ice cubes a quarter of the way into the pitcher and add fruit. \
3.	Pour steeped Kauai Cocktail and chilled white wine. Sprinkle in the coconut sugar or preferred sweetener. \
4.	Use a large wooden spoon to marry all the ingredients. \
5.	Refrigerate the pitcher and let the ingredients marinate. Sangria is best served cold.\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri720\sa240
\cf2 \
Recipe makes about 50 oz.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa240

\b \cf2 Art of Tea Hot Cran Marnier Cider\
Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa240

\b0 \cf2 8 Tbsp. Art of Tea\'92s {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.artoftea.com/catalog/"}}{\fldrslt Cran Marnier}} Tisane\
4 cups boiling water\
 2 cups unsweetened cranberry juice\
 2 cups apple cider\
 1/2 cup brown sugar\
 2 cinnamon sticks\
1/2 tsp. ginger cloves\
 Orange slices (optional)\
 Whipped cream (optional)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa240

\b \cf2 Instructions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\sa240
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 1.	Boil 4 cups of water with cinnamon sticks and cloves rapidly until water reduces to 3 cups. \
2.	Remove cinnamon sticks and cloves and make a strong tea with the 
\b Cran Marnier
\b0  and cinnamon/clove water.\
3.	Steep for approximately 10 minutes. \
4.	Once the tea is brewed, pour the mixture into a crock pot and add cranberry juice, apple cider, brown sugar, and ginger. Stir until the sugar dissolves. \
5.	Cover and cook on low heat for about 1 hour. \
6.	Serve in mugs and garnish with whipped cream and orange slices, if desired. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa240
\cf2 \
Makes approximately 8 (8oz) servings.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa240

\b \cf2 Pumpkin Muffins Infused with Chocolate Monkey Tea\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa240

\b0 \cf2 Ingredients\
Pumpkin mix, from any grocery store during the holidays\
 2 large eggs\
\'b7\'bd cup vegetable oil\
 1 cup over-steeped (10-12 minutes) 
\b Art of Tea\'92s
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ww"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Chocolate Monkey}}\
 1 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips\
 1 Tbsp. cinnamon\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa240

\b \cf2 Instructions
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 1.	Follow the directions on the pumpkin mix box. \
2.	Preheat the oven to 400. Place cupcake liners in muffin trays. \
3.	Let the over-steeped cup of 
\b Chocolate Monkey
\b0  sit for 10 minutes or until room temperature. \
4.	Mix pumpkin mix, eggs, oil and tea in a large bowl until the batter is smooth. Add in the cinnamon and chocolate chips, and mix thoroughly. \
5.	Fill muffin liner two-thirds full. \
6.	Bake 400 degrees 18 to 20 minutes. When an inserted toothpick placed in center of a muffin comes out clean muffins are done!\cf0 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 7.	Frost with your favorite frosting such as buttercream or cream cheese. \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa240

\b \cf2 \
Art of Tea Earl Grey Chocolate Cake\
Cake Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa240

\b0 \cf2 6 tsp Art of Tea Earl Grey tea (finely ground \
1 stick unsalted butter\
1 \'bc cup all purpose flour\
\'be cup unsweetened cocoa powder\
1 \'bd cups packed brown sugar \
1 \'bd tsp baking soda\
2 \'bd tsp baking powder\
 \'bd tsp salt\
3 eggs\
2 cups buttermilk\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa240

\b \cf2 Cake Instructions \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\sa240
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 1.	Preheat oven to 325\'b0F\
2.	Grease two 9-inch cake pans and dust with flour.\
3.	Melt the butter in a small saucepan over low heat. \
4.	Add the tea powder and cook for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until tea flavors have infused into the butter. Remove from the heat and allow it to cool 10 minutes.\
5.	While butter is cooking, sift flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and baking powder into a large mixing bowl. Add brown sugar and salt and whisk to combine.\
6.	In a separate bowl, beat eggs and buttermilk until combined.\
7.	When tea butter has cooled, add it to bowl with the dry mixture and add the buttermilk mixture. Beat until just combined but still slightly lumpy. Don\'92t overbeat to keep cake  light and fluffy.\
8.	Divide the batter evenly between the 2 cake pans and bake at 325\'b0 for 30-35 minutes.\
9.	Remove from the oven and allow them to sit for at least 10 minutes before removing from the pans. Cool on a rack for about an hour.\
10.	Once cooled, put a plate on top of one cake and flip it over \
11.	Spread chocolate ganache on top of the first cake and place second cake on top of the ganache. \
12.	Using a spatula, cover the whole cake with cream cheese frosting.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa240

\b \cf2 Ganache Ingredients \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa240

\b0 \cf2 4 oz. heavy cream\
6 oz. semi sweet chocolate chips\
1 tbsp. sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa240

\b \cf2 Ganache Instructions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\sa240
\ls5\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 1.	Put chocolate chips and sugar in a heat proof bowl and set aside.\
2.	Heat heavy cream in a saucepan over a medium heat until it starts to simmer. Pour it over the chocolate-sugar mixture. Allow to sit for 60 seconds then whisk until all the chocolate melts and mixture is smooth. \
3.	Set the mixture aside for 20 minutes to cool before putting it on cake.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa240

\b \cf2 Cream Cheese Frosting Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa240

\b0 \cf2 \'b7 8oz. cream cheese\
\'b7 \'bd stick unsalted butter\
\'b7 8 oz. sifted powdered sugar\
\'b7 1 tsp. vanilla extract\
Place all of the ingredients in a large bowl and beat until completely smooth\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa240

\b \cf2 \
Art of Tea Bloody Orange Cider \
Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa240

\b0 \cf2 3 tsp. Art of Tea\'92s 
\b Italian Blood Orange Blend
\b0 \
16 oz. boiled water\
\'bc cup grated orange peel\
 1 \'bd cup apple juice \
3 pinches cinnamon\
 Cinnamon sticks\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa240

\b \cf2 Instructions
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\sa240
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 1.	Steep Italian Blood Orange tea in boiling water 5 to 7 minutes and remove leaves. \
2.	Add apple juice. Sprinkle in orange peel. Throw in 3 pinches cinnamon, and mix well.
\b \
\ls6\ilvl0
\b0 3.	 Add cinnamon sticks for an extra kick.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa240
\cf2 \
\
Art of Tea Potpourri\
Ingredients:
\b0 \
Cupid\'92s Arrow blend by Art of Tea\
Presentation bowl or short vase\
Essential Oil in lavender\
Additional dried roses (optional)\

\b Instructions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\sa240
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 1.	Pour the Cupid\'92s Arrow blend into the bowl filling it a little more than half of the way. \
2.	Add any extra dried flowers to create more depth in the bowl or vase. \
3.	Mix and arrange to your liking and add 3 to 5 drops of the essential oil\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa240
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 \
}